## Project Name: Humber Book Reviews
## Team Members: Maitri Thakkar (N01390745), Sunny Singh (N01390315), Jainy Mehta (N01390712), Sumit Mishra (N00673571)

## About Project
- Our Project is a Book Review Website where user is able to create posts for reviewing the book they read by creating an account. They can also read posts created by others and like them. We are performing CRUD Operations on these Posts. There is also a search functionality available, if any user wants to search a particular book or a particular genre to see its reviews. Pagination is also implemented in this project.

## Feature based division of work between team members
- Maitri has implemented Login, Signup and Like Post features of the application.
- Sunny has implemented Create Post, Edit Post and Delete Post features of the application.
- Jainy has implemented Create Contact us, Edit Contact us, Delete Contact us and Display Contact us features of the application.
- Sumit has implemented Display Post, Display Post by Tag, Search, Pagination and Comment on a post features of the application. 

## API End Points and thier input/output
- Jainy:
    - getContactUs : 
        - Input : No input reqired, only need request
        - Output : all data from ContactUs Table

    - createContactUs : 
        - Input : Details entered by User of a query
        - Output : Newly saved contact us query details

    - updateContactUs :
        - Input : Id from request parameter and status from request body
        - Output : Updated Contact Us query  details

    - deleteContactUs :
        - Input : Id from request parameter
        - Output : Message that Query is deleted successfully

- Sunny:
    - createPost : 
        - Input : Details entered by User of a new Post
        - Output : Newly saved post details from posts table

    - updatePost : 
        - Input : Id from request parameter and status from request body
        - Output : Updated post details from posts table

    - deletePost :
        - Input : Id from request parameter
        - Output : Message that Post is deleted successfully

- Maitri:
    - signin : 
        - Input : Email and Password of User in JSON format.
        - Output : Result and Token is generated as output. Result consists of id of the record, Name which is FirstName and LastName together, email,  and a hashed password.

    - signup : 
        - Input : FirstName, LastName, Email and Password of User in JSON format
        - Output : Result and Token is generated as output. Result consists of id of the record, Name which is FirstName and LastName together, email,  and a hashed password.

    - likePost :
        - Input : Id of the post that is to be liked is given in the URL as a patch request
        - Output : All details of Post is fetched from Post table along with the id of user who has liked the post under the parameter of likes array.

- Sumit:
    - fetchPost : 
        - Input : Id of the post is given in the URL
        - Output : All details of that particular Post are fetched from Post table of database including the autogenerated id.

    - fetchPosts : 
        - Input : Page Number of the post is given in the URL
        - Output : All the details of all posts on that particular page number are fetched from post table of database. (It can be set by the user, there can be 8 post or 6 post per page)

    - fetchPostsBySearch :
        - Input : Title of the post or tags are given as a searchQuery input in the URL
        - Output : All posts consisting of those tags are fetched from the post table of database.
    
    - comment :
        - Input : Id of the post to comment on is given in URL and message value of comment is given as body input.
        - Output : All details of Post is fetched from Post table along with the comment message of user who has commented under the parameter of comment array.